[Music]
hey how's it going guys this is Dave - D
and this is the MSI V r1 and in late
2016 I think this is literally the best
VR experience you can get on the market
right now so it's a VR backpack and the
very first time I saw a VR backpack was
at CES 2016 and at the time honestly I
thought they looked really silly like
just not very useful but now that I've
tried one they're pretty awesome by
itself it's a pretty unassuming box I
mean if you just have this thing sitting
around with a monitor connected to it it
wouldn't be that weird it can function
as a small and powerful computer it's
well-built plastic but durable and you
can power it with the AC adapter but
when you're ready you attach some straps
unplug the power connect your VR
equipment and it becomes this completely
portable VR setup so I use the HTC vive
but it works with the oculus rift as
well there's a short cable to reduce
some of the cabling from the vibe and
the rest of the cables can be tucked
into the framing here you just need to
leave some to be able to move your
headset around now this thing was built
from the ground up it's not just the
laptop strapped to your packets designed
to fit very comfortably on your back for
extended periods of time I had this
thing on once for over three hours
without any issues it's around three
point six kilos or eight pounds it's not
super light but it's a very manageable
weight and the strap system with the
framing distributes the weight nicely
it's incredibly comfortable to use you
can access the internals pretty easily
there's a hatch that gives you access to
the RAM slots and the drive bays this
unit comes with 16 gigs of RAM and a
fast 512 gig SSD there's room for a
second drive and on the inside it's
running a skylake 6820 HK and a gtx 1070
there's a low respect model with a 256
gig drive and a gtx 1060 and when it's
idle it's dead silent no fan spin and
under full gaming load it's still really
quiet it's just over 40 decibels you
won't be able to hear this thing when
you're using with headphones and the hot
air exhausts at the side so you don't
get sweaty from it
battery life is estimated at 90
and I was able to comfortably hit that
with every single charge it's a pretty
conservative estimate there are two
batteries hot swappable so you can eject
one side and the system still works
frame rates are poor when there's only
one battery you can't really play on one
but it allows you to pop in fresh
batteries in the middle of a game so if
you have extra batteries and the
external charger you could theoretically
play forever now you're probably
wondering what is the point of a VR
backpack like what makes them special so
here's the deal when you use a regular
VR setup there's always a bunch of
cables that run from your headset over
to the computer or the laptop or
whatever you have running the setup and
your brain kind of subconsciously keeps
track of those cables so even though you
get into your game and you're doing your
thing having fun the moment your feet or
your leg or your body touches that cable
it just pulls you back to reality a bit
and it's not enough to ruin the game the
game is still fun but the immersion
isn't 100% so something as simple as job
simulator this is a game where you do a
bunch of stuff while you're walking
around in a really small area and with
cables on the floor because you're
turning around back and forth you
constantly need to step over your cables
with the VR one there's none of that
everything is contained and the
experience is so much more believable
and enjoyable and this applies to any
type of game it's especially pronounced
in action games where you're ducking and
dodging and just being super active
those games are already a lot of fun but
playing them with the VR one is a better
experience
now there's clearly a cable running from
my backpack off camera it's there
because I had to connect a second
monitor it was the only way it could
record gameplay footage but when I was
playing without having to record
gameplay it was so much better because
pricing starts at two thousand dollars
it's a pretty steep premium to get into
the whole untethered VR space but if you
are a VR enthusiast or you know if
you're just someone who's interested in
picking up a dedicated system for VR
take a look at this one it's expensive
but it gives a unique next level VR
experience and that's what you're
looking for this thing delivers hope you
guys enjoyed this video thumbs be liked
it
subs have you loved it it's been nice
I'll see you guys next time
[Music]